hey YouTube FPS Josh here and I just
seen a video that quite frankly made me
rage a little bit it was why console
gamers are better than PC gamers well
this is the first part of my two-part
series 1 explaining why i think that
he's wrong a and B the first part which
I just mix up sure to set this first I'm
just going to show you my system and why
it's better than an xbox so let's get
this thing started everyone and see on
the flip side hey YouTube as you can see
this is my pc completely clear see
through got some blue LEDs in it red
LEDs it's got its 800 watt I don't know
if you can see at 800 watt battery right
there and it's got the graphics card
right down here and that is an you can't
see it but it is an nvidia 460
overclocked up here is of course the
sound card is a military-grade x5 it's
got three fans on it and my friend has
got a shuriken fan a master switch below
the power switch itself and several
spots for disk drives and a really old
disk drive my only downfall but it's
freaking sweet and you can see through
it there's my shuriken fan or there's my
controller when I want to game it out on
some cod which I hate but still there's
my USB hub and my headset which is
really crappy headset so here's my
monitor and as you can see my monitor is
about a around a 30 inch it's a
widescreen LCD sub woofer and stuff all
there it's pretty sick but honestly my
question is why would you choose a
console over something like this sure
it's a lot of money but it's so much
more
worth it I mean you could have this or
you can have I don't look you can see it
you can have that and Xbox Wow big
difference there's a gamecube that's in
my opinion the best console I own right
now other than my n64 which I usually
just use emulated I mean sure you can
have a screen like this but it's not
worth it to me I mean I got this and I'm
not showing much but I mean the graphics
on this i can run anything like I can
run black ops full high qual everything
so it's pretty sick you know and uh i'm
actually I've seen to my gameplay but
I'm gonna actually have to show you
through fraps just what I mean to get to
the point this is just my setup mind you
so don't see how did you prove that it's
better than console gaming by showing us
your setup well i'll show you how i
proved that in a moment thank you for
watching and stay tuned for part 2